Documentation

In our game of battleship, player one and an optional player two play on the same device. The game begins
by typing `python3 game_terminal_version.py` into the terminal. If there is only one player, the the player 
competes against an AI oppenent from a selected difficulty: 1 (easy), 2 (medium), or 3 (hard). If there are
two human players, they play against each other.

AI Opponent:
All AI difficulties play the same. After the player sets up their board, the AI oppenent will set up its own
board using the same number of ships as the human player. After the play is prompted to begin their turn, they 
get to pick the number of ships they want to have (1-5). The blank game board is displayed, and the player 
gets to place their ship (horizontally or vertically) onto the board. They AI oppenent will secrectly place 
their ships. Next, the player will begin their turn by selecting a place to fire at. If they hit an empty 
space, the turn is over. If they hit a ship, they get to fire again. If a ship sinks, they are told that 
a ship has sunk and they get to fire again. This process continues until all ships are sunk or the AI oppenent 
wins the game.

Two Player:
From the start, player one is prompted to begin their turn. After hitting enter, they get to pick the number 
of ships they want to have (1-5). The blank game board is displayed, and the player gets to place their ship
(horizontally or vertically) onto the board. The board is redisplayed with each ship placement
until all of their ships are placed. Then player one is prompted to end their turn. Player two will
go through this same process. Players are prompted to both begin and end their turn to insure
that there is no chance that they players will accidentally see the opponent’s board. From there
player one gets to begin play by selecting a place to fire at. If they hit an empty space, the turn
is over. If they hit a ship, they get to fire again. If a ship sinks, they are told that a ship has sunk
and they get to fire again. This process continues until all ships are sunk or the opposing player
wins.

To play: First, cd into the src folder. The game begins by typing python3 game_terminal_version.py into the terminal.

While the game is played, there is a scoreboard that is displayed after each turn. This board shows each player's misses, hits, and ships sunk.
